Recently, they have been promoting the success of the Japanese search.
They have been promoting it as if they had taken the head of a demon.
This is not the main thing.
The search is the basis of the operation.
It is the first time that the operation has been successful and has value.
In our country, the day of the search is the day of the death.
The US Navy has proudly announced the search material.
This is a confession of their lack of confidence in the search.
It is a great loss for the Japanese.
Moreover, the Japanese have been promoting the success of the Japanese search.
The Japanese are in a good position.
They are in a good position as a navy.
The progress of our Indian operation is to support the Japanese search.
The Japanese are in a good position.
If we increase the number of transport ships and the number of the Japanese,
our navy's operation will be more and more advantageous.
The Japanese are in a good position.
It seems that the Japanese are developing their own operations separately,
such as the Pacific and Indian,
but the Sujiku Triangle is showing a great cooperation operation and high efficiency.
What is the fact that the US and the UK have been traveling through South Africa
to the west Asia or the West Indies to transport goods and goods?
The UK has been a way of helping the Indian and the Gaujus to the Han Sujiku Triangle.
It is now being strongly cut off by the poison of our country.
I think that the Han Sujiku Triangle is being hit hard.
Next, I would like to make a point about the north.
This is about the possibility of Japan's next week in the US Air Force from the Alaska-Aliushan side.
However, the real problem is the preparation, training and mental strength of those who carry out the operation.